good afternoon here we have a quiet
little motel tucked away off the main
highway and as you see perfectly
harmless looking when in fact it has now
become known as the scene of the crime
this Motel also has as an adjunct an old
house which is if I may say so a little
more sinister looking less innocent than
the motel itself
and in this house the most dire horrible
events took place I think we can go
inside because the place is up for sale
although I don't know who's gonna buy it
now
in that window on the second floor the
single one in front that's where the
woman was first seen let's go inside
you see even in daylight this place
still looks a bit sinister that was at
the top of the stairs but the second
murder took place she came out of the
door there I met the victim of the top
of course in a flash there was the knife
and in no time the victim tumbled and
fell with a horrible crack I think the
bat broke immediately hit the floor he
was this difficult describe the way the
twisting of the of the polite I won't
dwell upon come on Stan of course the
victim or should I say victims hadn't
any conception as to the type of people
they will be confronted with in this
house especially the woman she was the
weirdest and the mode woman let's go
into her bedroom
here's the woman's room still
beautifully preserved and the imprint of
her figure on the bed where she used to
lay I think some of her clothes are
still in this wardrobe
bathroom
this was the son's room but we won't go
in there because his favorite spot was
the little parlor behind his office in
the motel let's go down there this young
man you had to feel sorry for him after
all being dominated by an almost
maniacal woman was enough to drive
anyone to the extreme of well let's go
in my suppose you'd call this his
hideaway his hobby as you see was
taxidermy grow here an hour there I
important scene took place in this room
there was a private supper here and by
the way this picture has great
significance because um
let's go along to cabin number one
something there
more tidied up
the bathroom water cleaned all this up
now big difference you should have seen
the blood I hope the whole place was
well it's it's too horrible to describe
dreadful I'll tell you there's a very
important clue was found here down there
well the murderer you see crept in here
very sory of course the showers on there
was no sound and